docs(developing): add a proper Logging guide (#881) (#898)
vllm-project/guidellm: DEVELOPING.md

In the future this will be replaced by a configurable untracked file for dev use.

## Logging

> GuideLLM uses [Loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru) for logging, which is useful for learning how GuideLLM works and for diagnosing problems. Logging is configured entirely through environment variables (or the equivalent `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__*` settings), so no code changes are needed to change what is logged or where it goes.

Reviewer: This seems a little confusing the way you mention the settings.
```suggestion
GuideLLM uses [Loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru) for logging, which is useful for learning how GuideLLM works and for diagnosing problems. For CLI usage, logging is configured through environment variables (or a .env file using the same GUIDELLM__LOGGING__* keys), so no code changes are needed to change what is logged or where it goes.
```

> GuideLLM uses [Loguru](https://github.com/Delgan/loguru) for logging, which is useful for learning how GuideLLM works and for diagnosing problems. Logging is configured entirely through environment variables (or the equivalent `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__*` settings), so no code changes are needed to change what is logged or where it goes.

Reviewer 2: There's no need to identify the particular logging package: that shouldn't be a necessary part of developer documentation in this context.

This appears to be AI generated: the second sentence is heavily redundant to the point of being unnecessarily complicated. `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__*` names the relevant set of environment variables, and that is the external way to control the `Logger` settings object.

> GuideLLM writes to two independent sinks:

Reviewer 2: I don't like the change in heading here -- the list below covers more than just the console vs file outputs, and the term "sink" isn't really helpful here. I'd prefer restoring the original, perhaps with "set" replaced by "controlled" or "configured"

- **Console logging** is enabled by default and prints human-readable messages (timestamp, level, `module:function:line`, and message) to `stdout`. Its verbosity is controlled by `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__CONSOLE_LOG_LEVEL` (default: `WARNING`).

> - **File logging** is disabled by default and turns on as soon as either `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE` or `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE_LEVEL` is set. File logs are written as structured JSON (one object per line) for easy parsing, to `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE` (default: `guidellm.log`) at `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE_LEVEL` (default: `INFO`).

Reviewer 2: There's a lot of redundancy between these bullets and the list below: I'd rather see it simplified and consolidated.

### Logging environment variables

- `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__DISABLED`: Disable logging entirely (default: `false`).
- `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__CLEAR_LOGGERS`: Clear existing loguru loggers before configuring GuideLLM's own (default: `true`).
- `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__CONSOLE_LOG_LEVEL`: Level for console logging, one of `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARNING`, `ERROR`, `CRITICAL` (default: `WARNING`).
- `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE`: Path to the log file; setting it enables file logging (default: `guidellm.log` when a file level is set, otherwise file logging is off).
- `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE_LEVEL`: Level for file logging; setting it enables file logging (default: `INFO` when a log file is set, otherwise off).

### Logging examples

Enable verbose console output for a single run. The interactive progress display can overwrite console log lines, so `--disable-progress` is recommended when reading console logs:

```bash
GUIDELLM__LOGGING__CONSOLE_LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG guidellm run ... --disable-progress
```

Write structured `DEBUG` logs to a file while leaving the console at its default level:

```bash
GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE=guidellm.log GUIDELLM__LOGGING__LOG_FILE_LEVEL=DEBUG guidellm run ...
```

> If logging isn't responding to the environment variables, run the `guidellm config` command to validate that the environment variables match and are being set correctly.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If logging isn't responding to the environment variables, run the `guidellm env` command to validate that the environment variables match and are being set correctly.
```

`config` has been renamed to `env` as of v0.7.0. Might as well update that too.

## Logging

> Logging is controlled entirely through the `GUIDELLM__LOGGING__*` environment variables (or the equivalent settings object), so no code changes are needed to change what is logged or where it goes.

Reviewer 2: The "settings object" is a singleton that's only influenced by its default values and the environment variables. It's not a parameter anywhere, so the parenthetical statement isn't meaningful.

Now, as this is a "Developer" guide, perhaps you're trying to point out details of the implementation... but this document is focused more on tools and external controls, not source details. I think we should just remove the parenthetical statement.

> Logging is set through two independent outputs:

Reviewer 2: Maybe, "GuideLLM can log to the console, to a file, or to both:"
